
Last Updated: 09-03-2026
By subscribing to our in-app service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to the following:

I. SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
Our subscription is a recurring payment service that is billed monthly. The payment will be charged to your payment account automatically at the beginning of each billing cycle until you cancel your subscription. If you choose to cancel your subscription, the cancellation will take effect at the end of the current billing cycle.

I. SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
Our subscription is a recurring payment service that is billed monthly. The payment will be charged to your payment account automatically at the beginning of each billing cycle until you cancel your subscription. If you choose to cancel your subscription, the cancellation will take effect at the end of the current billing cycle.

II. NOT REFUNDABLE
All our subscription plans are non-refundable. Once you have paid for a subscription, we will not be able to provide you with a refund.

III. SERVICE AVAILABILITY
The service is 100% offline after downloading all the necessary files.

IV. SUBSCRIPTION CHANGES
You can change or upgrade your subscription plan at any time. The change will take effect immediately, and you will be charged the prorated amount for the remaining billing cycle. If you choose to downgrade your subscription plan, the change will take effect at the end of the current billing cycle.

V. PREMATURE TERMINATION
We offer a full refund if we end the subscription prematurely for any reason. This refund will be processed immediately and automatically, and you will receive a confirmation email.

VI. PRIVACY POLICY
We take your privacy seriously and are committed to protecting your personal data. All information collected during the subscription process will be held in accordance with our privacy policy.

VII. CANCELLATION
Yes, you can cancel your subscription at any time. If you cancel your subscription, you will continue to have access to the service until the end of your current billing period. On Android you cancel the subscription in the Google Play store. On iOS you can cancel it in the “Settings” app under “Subscriptions”.

VIII. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at ntorregiani@gmail.com
